# DESCRIPTION

- [x] Point your BugReports to the issues page
- [x] Provide a more complete Description field
- [x] Avoid using any GitHub repositories (remove the Remotes field)

# NAMESPACE
- [x] Stick to either snake_case or camelCase (snake case is recommended for tidyverse interfacing packages, otherwise use camelCase)
    - Understood. This prompted a significant rewrite so that individual modules are now accessed using `getModule()` instead of having their own function. Function names are now all camelCase. Import methods have now all been unified too.
- [x] Consider shortening function names, long function names can be cumbersome and awkward for the user unless they are established file standards
    - I think we've found a good trade-off now between clear function names and brevity
- [x] Consider using plot methods on classes so that you don't have to append each plot method with plot*
    - There seems to be a small misunderstanding of the object classes here. The main object classes of concern are `FastqcData` and `FastqcDataList` objects, which themselves contain the standard modules generated by `FastQC` as individual elements (or modules), after parsing into R. The plot\* methods apply to different modules  **within** each object and as such these are **not different object classes**. Developing individual plot methods for each module as you suggest would require the declaration of multiple new object classes, which doesn't seem appropriate to me and would involve a very significant rewrite of the package. The plot methods for these modules within a `FastqcData*` object require numerous different graphical arguments and we believe combining these into a single `plot()` function would significantly reduce usability. 
    - However, I have changed the methods for extracting these modules so they are all now obtained using the function `getModule()` as (despite my comment above) I think you have raised a very good point here, which was able to be applied to this step of parsing and data manipulation. Similarly I have dispensed with the numerous `import*()` functions into a single `importNgsLogs()` function. 

# Vignettes

- [x] Remove the R file from the folder
- [x] Respect the 80 column width limits. It improves readability and maintainership
- [x] Use system.file to provide the template.Rmd
    - I don't really understand this comment. This is how the file is referred to internally. Beyond that it's not referred to here with anything beyond a toy example path. What am I missing?
- [x] Do you need to make a distinction between a single file and a list of files? Can they be accomodated by a single FastqcFileList class?
    - I can't see problem with this layout as it provides for transparent checking and parsing. This object class will rarely be used by users as this is essentially an intermediary file class used in preparation for parsing. This was based on object classes structures in ShortRead (`FastqFile` & `FastqFileList`) and Rsamtools (`BamFile` & `BamFileList`), making this a very consistent approach with existing Bioc Packages. This request would make the package less consistent with Bioc methods in our opinion.
- [x] It's easy to get lost in the 'Generating Plots' section. Perhaps it would be helpful to categorize groups of functions.
    - This has been significantly rewritten removing less common plots and highlighting the differences between applying `plot*` methods to a `FastqcData` and `FastqcDataList` object.

# R

- [x] As mentioned earlier, you can reduce FastqcFile and FastqcFileList into
a single class. This would avoid you the repitition of methods for both
classes, otherwise use inheritance.
    - As mentioned above, we disagree with this suggestion. The overheads in terms of methods are quite minimal and allow for simple construction of the `FastqcData` and `FastqcDataList` objects, which have distinct plotting methods (see revised vignette) and serve very different roles within the package. We also this would be less consistent with existing Bioc approaches
- [x] Group files where possible to reduce the number of files to maintain, such
as helper functions
- [x] I don't quite understand why you need to create a generic from the class
name instead of a simple constructor function (FastqcFile).
    - Thanks for pointing this out. I'd misunderstood the normal approach for this...
- [x] Why not use the established path generic rather than creating fileName?
    - We actually have used the path generic. The function `fileName` returns the name of the underlying Fastq file the report was generated from. We have changed the help page to clarify this. I've also removed this method from `FastqcFile` and `FastqcFileList` object classes to avoid confusion, leaving basename/path as the only options for obtaining information about the underlying FastQC report we are parsing.
- [ ] Create a coercion method instead of a class method to move from one class
representation to another
- [ ] Only set methods for classes that are your own and use the ANY class for
setting methods for vectors.
- [x] It looks like you're not taking advantage of existing Bioconductor classes. Your main class in use is the tibble.
    - Correct. `DataFrame` objects play poorly with `ggplot2` and as that is the primary role of this package, this would impede ease of use. This would mean that every parsed object would require an extra line of code converting back to a data.frame before it was able to be used for plotting would serve no purpose beyond being user-unfriendly. I could possibly change these outputs to data.frame objects, but they're not as user-friendly & honestly can't see any functional advantage that would give to package users.
- [x] Is there functionality that you could use from the ShortRead package?
    - Not really. This current package is about simply parsing outputs from stand-alone tools and not about performing any new analysis. It's possible that at a later date, plot methods may be plausibly implemented for `ShortRead` outputs but that is not our current intent. However, as mentioned, we have used the `FastqFile` and `FastqFileList` object classes from `ShortRead`, and it should be noted that the structure of these formed the basis of package design.
